how's it going gang let's all just check in let's go around the room everybody
take your name is it freezing in here from a car the park which is melting in
the dark and all that sweet green icing flung down Harmontown is in session
everybody I'm gonna break rakes right now and break tradition Rob Corddry is
here Rob get out here I'm bringing you up first Rob Corddry wherever you like
Rob make yourself comfy let's bring out Spencer Crittenden then everybody Spencer
then the mayor of Harmontown is Dan and Estatia Harmon
hello thank you I really want to thank you more than a bucket of gratitude
down seems like back in the day thank you in a shorter way just say thanks and
then go away but now the gratitude takes all day like I say thanks in a song
that last long and then it brings the energy down at the top of the show
thank you the waterfalls and the raspberries welcome everybody to
Harmontown the greatest show on earth
you're making some structural changes you brought the guest out I you know I
got excited I got excited that was really weird I'm not a big biblical
scholar but I say don't keep your light under a bushel you got a Rob Corddry
hiding backstage yeah get the motherfucker out here yeah I had to pee I was hoping
I'd have time to go back I'll hold it yeah it's kind of like I'm always
jealous when I see like Bill Maher clips and that like he always keep he
interviews everybody and then but then he holds people captive for his like
final thoughts bit like they've clearly been instructing like you're not a lot
not allowed to feed back now the camera changes angles and then everybody if you
laugh at Bill Maher they cut to you laughing but that's it that's all you
get like you can't and so that's got you know like maybe for for my I mean why
do we why do we think I have to have an opening and then we bring out the guy
we don't have a format to the show ridiculous we're terrible people for
ever thinking that the show had any form to it I'd rather be out here just
commenting on everything you're saying yeah I have one thing to share that I
wanted to make sure I remembered first of all I want to cut I mean you guys I
don't know if you've heard this yet and I may be spilling the beans a little bit
but chair noble got a second season I'm really excited very popular very popular
show I mean they just had they don't know what they're gonna do yet but there
was kind of a will they won't they between the fictional woman that they
gave all of the yeah they're they're like by the way she didn't exist and we
two birds because we didn't have a lot of female characters that weren't just
giving birth to deformities and so we just and arguing with each other about
but I want to touch my boyfriend you can't touch your boyfriend he's already
active but it's set in a Nantucket Airport it's kind of like wings I mean
it is they're at Chernobyl and they all are that it is truly I mean I thought
this was an uplifting thing about the human like like psyche because truly
did I did definitely by the fourth episode I was I did say I'm more than
one occasion through the different combinations of the three characters who
are the only people that are not dying rapidly I was like you guys gonna fuck
or what but I thought that was like uplifting because it's like none of
those people are page three material pinups like and I thought I was like oh
we're not shallow we look we love love that's why we ship we're not like we're
not like hey you should fuck cuz you look good together you know it's like
just somebody fuck cuz like there's so much vulnerability going on here come
on you love her but kiss him here's I love Chernobyl just I actually rewatched
episode one today just because I was I was I missed it and I went back and
started watching it but there's a love affair with the director I don't know
if it was the same director all the way through I watched the half of the first
one but I fell asleep because I was drunk that's the way to do it yeah I
guess I guess the second season they just like they had to do a little
fudging but like the couple people going to remission well they've already
announced that Richard kind is on in season two Richard kind yes Richard
kind and we need we need you back the cold open of season two is the cat
nibbles the rope and the guy falls and he's like wake up you son of a
bitch I'm one of the two characters that talks like this the good one not the one
that looks like he should be in Pink Floyd on the kind that looks kind of
like Bill Murray that's like the good cop the bad cop guy with you with them
the guy like that guy the guy with the inch worm on his hand wake up Valerie
Valerie I like that Chernobyl was great I can see what all the hubbub was about
I was quite a compelling I thought I was very without there's no spoilers in
saying this is it struck structurally can't spoil the end of Chernobyl I just
thought it was I was it's like well how would you how would you tell that
narrative where would you start would you do a ton of like flashing back or a
little bit are you gonna start in the courtroom and all that stuff I think
they really threaded that needle like in a fun way I was like they start just
second there's one thing I take away from Chernobyl it's the fun yeah they
start with a little prologue and then I won't spoil that but like and then it's
like but then it's mostly like they just dig into everything happening second by
second right after the explosion which you just miss in the in the in and then
eventually you're gonna go back to all the moments leading up to before the
explosion and it's that's bookending like all of the and you don't really find
out what exactly happened at the very end like they finally explain what the
disaster was yeah it was a Soviet communism yeah wasn't that the disaster
yeah it was like the USSR was the disaster right yeah I mean you would
expect yeah it's like I guess that's the one thing communism got wrong is that
they were like they tried to save so much money I mean that's that should be
capitalism's job they were so cheap they're just like well just put graphite
on the tips that'll be great it'll give you a little boost when you pop those
fucking rods in a little more bang for your nuclear buck should we put should
we put some walls around in case in case of what in case we want to spend more
money get your ass back in the fucking Kremlin I fucking turn your ass into the
guy with the cane were you were you strong bad just there well that's
everybody in that in that thing is like everybody's like smoking cigarettes I
love that the thing blows up and then everyone's like smoking if you got them
like yeah but that's what I was gonna say the director he has a love affair
with long lingering shots of a cigarette in an ashtray and there'll be a similar
to put a cigarette in an ashtray and then he just slowly I think those there
was their way of saying to you like I know I'm making a five episode mini
series about a thousand people dying of cancer in front of you but hey so like
you watch you watch diehard they're all smoking in that they're basically the
same thing just giving yourself cancer in different ways come on and also a
building blows up it's like it's kind of the same yeah think about it
Chernobyl or did I heard rip off Chernobyl yeah sit the Soviet Union is a
lot like Century City you think about right the coolest shot in Chernobyl I
thought was the shot of looking down at the pre-exploded reactor car and then
the there's like the matrix of control rods it was like I like when when
Alan Rickman said to shoot the glass yeah yeah cuz he was barefoot yeah
listen I'm not we have to do one more season oh we're going back to Chernobyl
we're going back so they I watched your documentary where they built the big
housing that they put over it it's gonna last 100 years they think and they
built a big house over the top of the thing to contain it and they have
robots dismantling all the shit over the next thousand years by like remote
control but then they got one dude going down there holding up fireman pants
just so the epilogue can have a shot of them by the way you can't touch these
fuckers yeah but you know I'm down you can wear a suit you can be in there for a
little while but you got to get the fuck out like the work exposure there is like
you get like six minutes or something aren't there like a vacations like
Chernobyl vacations now you can go to Chernobyl and see like the fucking
merry-go-round I bet I bet they are competitive rates yeah it's not
expensive
yeah pick up those goddamn fireman pants that you say are still too radioactive
to touch and put them somewhere else but it's like oh where are you gonna put
them keep them in Chernobyl like I guess it makes sense it's kind of counter
intuitive at first but it's like when the dog would shit and my dad would be
like well let it dry and we'll sweep it up
wait what you know what are we gonna do grab grab the moist dog shit smear it on
the floor dab it around spray and things and then our house will be a museum to
hygiene now I know what you're talking about it's just like if I can leave it
the dog already shit we're already pigs nothing's gonna change 10 minutes from
now except that shit's gonna be less gross to touch how's your how's your
PP was going I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on Azo's the Azos yeah the yeah whoo
Azo fans my sister's note I'm talking about girls of strength you girls do the
complimentary cranberry pill pack someone yeah I mean I don't think it's a UTI at
this point I mean if you take antibiotics for all of the bottle and then
it's like I'm just I got but I got doctor's appointment so let's find out I
got the keys to my house on Wednesday oh yeah the the way I understand God
although I hope he's not listening I didn't or if he gets offended by this
kind of thing but I just this is what I've always been terrified of it's like
here's your house here's your cancer like why why wouldn't you do that on the
same day like it's how my story should end it's like like it's my I at least
get to spike that football in my therapist's office like I was like so
remember you kept asking me like why am I afraid to be happy you know yeah yeah
what I said oh pull up an x-ray so like what do you think bitch looks like
fucking there is a God and he's the devil looks like my misery was keeping
people happy and making God happy and he was like spin little top spin and then
I was like I got a house and he's like fuck you I'm done with you like he's
just like like like humans are like yeah whatever I was gonna yeah no but I
believe I also in case dad doesn't have cancer in case when I got rules is I in
cases the case he chooses differently maybe the maybe yours it goes by the
rules like you're supposed to be like oh I don't care if I have it and I still
love God I guess and that's how he doesn't give it to you I don't whatever
the rules are just fucked it's just like leave me alone you made my sister
retarded for like nothing it was just like it's just just seems like a mop
move it's just nobody did anything to like walk into your house and be like
nice sister have fun being famous for your intelligence yeah yeah you're
awing God alongside me like and don't say too soon I'm 46 I've grown up under
this thumb it's terrified late you know it's it's it's it's mafia stuff you know
it's just mafia tactics if you're gonna make a people and you want them to like
be grateful just give out candy I like we've got we've got a whole generation
of kids that didn't get beaten and they're doing fine I told you I went to
Disneyland with some of these kids they're they didn't get hit they're fine
they're fine they're not killing anybody we didn't we don't we don't kind of
work like this you know God okay so I'll tell I'll tell you one thing and then
I'll sit down because that's the format of the show so I've been so my structure
is our kind of it's kind of our bag here that's what I love about this my old
house like I'm still here and still putting some final touches on the
electronic system at the old house right and so like oh do I if I press this
does the does the music play as quickly as it does for a poor person not yet
okay all right well that's fine because I'm leaving now so just like we'll just
Airbnb it and we'll trick people they'll see screens all over the walls and
they'll be like oh just book Rogers live here and I'll be like yeah have fun with
that you're gonna be getting a boombox from your car in 10 minutes but you
know it's the whole thing and it's like oh geez you you press this button and
then the shades do this and then the whatever it's a dream unachieved but
and I was like this was like the fourth company maybe fifth company to come
through every company shit talks the last one they're like well those guys
didn't know what they're doing and we do that's so we're gonna do it so and I
just wanted to share I mean everybody does something fucked up everybody does
some crazy thing and there's buttons everywhere and whatever so obviously
there's gonna be a few bugs to work out but they leave they go like here you go
like testing out for a couple weeks we'll and then we'll and then we'll
work out the kinks the little things the things that we we maybe tend to
overlook little little things so I go to bed and sleep I wake up I wake up to
the sound of the dogs barking because someone's knocking on the door it's
Dave Kline the trainer I'm like what I didn't even hear come to think of it I
don't think I've heard a doorbell in days and I go down I open the door and I
go did you try the doorbell he goes yep you and you and and I go oh did you it
did the doorbell ring just go downstairs or whatever he's like I heard like a I
did hear like a light tone of some kind coming from next to the door and I was
like okay so you go outside I close the door and I ring the doorbell and I hear
click and I try the door it's the doorbell unlocks the front door it
doesn't even say ding dong and unlock the door it keeps the victim sleeping
just get some sleep where this is for the rapists
that is a huge staff move it was like okay are there any tweaks you want to do
yeah could you have my gun could you have my gun open in a compartment and
just come down how much for the sword of Dan McLean's can I can I have a giant
sword hanging over my bed by a thread the doorbell opens the door it's kind of
genius it's like cut out the middle step but for years we as savages have been
in an untrusting weather oh ding dong oh so like that means it's time for me to
go down and let you in ah boss as the algorithm yeah so long knock knock who's
there yeah knock knock rape just just skip right to you standing over my bed
like you came here to do that you brought tools why use them save those
tools first for a poorer person's house that's gonna make you scrape away at the
door lock I'm rich come on in save your pliers just get your night vision goggles
out and commence just just just just just put the to put the teacups and the
saucers on my back remember that you get it I don't he doesn't remember Rob
explain it to Jeff I don't remember what was it you don't remember the California
murder Golden State Golden State killer in California murder put saucers on your
back oh he sure did he sure did Jeff sure did I hear for that show after a
while it's not a show Jeff it's a fucking serial killer's MO but he wait he
would have tea while it is god no he would have tea on worse than after he
killed you Jeff he would put clinky china on I was here for this if you if you
know yeah yeah man I don't you put I don't know you put he put loud stuff on
the husband this is terrible on the husband's back while he raped his wife
so if the husband started moving it would break the china or whatever fall
up the husband's back comedy show have you been cordy what's what's new with
you catch us up and what's yeah I just been up to murdering just murdering
season 93 of ballers season 93 of ballers been murdering people
and ballin I'm a baller you're a baller's is over I think what what oh well we'll
see damn which we just finished the season five and that might ballers end
game it ballers end game we then we're gonna do the other the next yeah so you
some people in the industry call you the kiss of death because you keep having
shows that go on for several seasons and then strangely they just end it's the
best yeah we end after we end when we want to end that's yeah it's the kiss
of death you're the kiss of death you're the cream Reaper yeah success I know
yeah yeah you know any expression wheelhouse comes from like it's in your
wheelhouse no go ahead it's like a weird thing like it's a it's a two-step
idiomatic process it starts with wheel houses like as a in paddle boats or
paddle wheels like I don't know if it's like stationary for power or whatever
they paddle waterwheel technology where it's like if it's if you're if something's
in the wheelhouse it's gonna get the full force of the wheels like impact but
then that isn't necessarily like man that's your expertise like it doesn't
translate to that but then baseball used that phrase so like mean that that's in
your wheelhouse it's basically your strike zone yeah like it's like you can
fucking knock that out of the park that's in your wheelhouse like they're
there it'll idiomatically but then we idiomatically are borrowing from baseball
but and the whole time we're going wheelhouse I don't know I'm all looking
up one day I always thought you know what I would have guessed my guess was
always just like oh a wheelhouse is just like a old-timey garage like they
didn't call them garages like they probably called a wheelhouse you thought
it was a wheel like that's where you park your wheels where you're before
there were even wagons there were just it was like well what are you gonna call
it you're not gonna call it a carport it's a wheelhouse like probably where
people always did more of their work you know like before that they called it
that that was in your hoof hut right that's absolutely true yeah that's in
your that's in your cows utter that's in your that's in your that's in the that's
in the corner of your cave that you don't shit in yeah that was a clunky
so they had to like but the word for that was just hug it was like they just
had less words meant more like caveman had like six words I love baseball
metaphors I'm not even that huge a fan of baseball but I'm a huge fan of baseball
metaphors like strike zone like here's my favorite one well you were the first
couple years of Harmontown you were swinging three bats but now you're up
to the plate swinging one bat no okay what does that mean I don't know that's
my favorite one it means that it's you're just hitting fucking home runs now
because you're done you're like you've you've not no longer okay so getting
home runs you're no longer swinging those three heavy bats right you're
swinging one light it feels so much a lighter follow me you're swinging so
Dan you used to have three big old wooden bats and you're swinging them why
would I do that to just to make my arm just figuring out the show I eat the
bats in your hand I've always said like I got this okay no go ahead Jeff go ahead
you know you say like swinging two bats in the on-deck circle yeah yeah right
did I not say that I mean like over here shit well I the human hand can't
hold three bats I hold three bats man yeah I got huge hands does that mean
like over-preparing swinging multiple bats like it's it's it's just preparing
the on-deck circle is like you're swinging a heavier thing and you get
into the into the batter box this is a super clear metaphor but oh I've been
using the clunkiest metaphor ever now yeah well because what is it I need to
understand the implication of swinging more bats I think maybe because I use it
in in regards to your show which is how it's been great it do I think do baseball
people swing more than one bat because they want their arms to be more accustomed
to have your weight so that when they yeah they're like this is nothing well
when you get up okay you're childish your bat your bat speed is faster when
you get to the plate because you've been swinging a heavy because I think right now
these days what they do is that you put your arms tired they put a weight at the
end of their backs don't hold they put a donut on it they put a donut on it
exactly but it's like it's like putting weights on your ankles before your
basketball inning starts that's right that's exactly right you used to wear
heavy shorts before you play a basketball inning if you look in warm-ups
and warm-ups they all wear heavier shorts yeah but I use that metaphor a lot
even though like wait you wait like oh I was playing with weights on my ankles
right and then if you take them off that's the same thing right that's the
same metaphor you use that one I've used in the past because I've often felt like
I was over qualified for a job at hand and was gonna go in and just dominate so
and I run out of ways to express that and and it's important that I be relatable
oh you so regret this metaphor bring it to me
give us a more of your favorite baseball metaphor okay that's the end you want to
have a host of relatable ways of explaining your domination to people
like I got two pickles on my fucking tennis racket and I still fucking you
know what I'm saying right you know what I mean no did you see that that girl a
15 year old beat Venus Williams today and Wimbledon 15 years old two pickles
and she yeah she was so she was swinging she was swinging four tennis
rackets before the match see no 15 15 years old she wasn't even born when
Venus had already had four grand slams do they still make the lady tennis players
wear the little skirts that's a great question I don't know but Wimbledon you
have to wear white to know that you have to wear your Wimbledon whites someone in
the audience whispered yes yeah and I'm do they do they make or do they choose I
mean I'm sure there's no way when you go into Wimbledon like you go into like
the Westworld antechamber where they're like pick your tennis outfit and then
like Serena Williams reaches for shorts and they're like uh-huh gender foul like
you got to wear a skirt girl there's no way that's happened I think I think the
skirt's probably a good move that you're running over the shop you and why don't
the guys wear the skirts that's exactly exactly there's your gender problem you
just said a mouthful there pal why don't guys just wear skirts all the time
they're so comfortable but I'm saying it seems clear that there's no distinct
that it's not related to the to the any advantage on court whether you're
wearing shorts or skirts otherwise one what both sexes would wear you're just
saying like maybe tennis is like I'm just curious I'm always curious about like
when you get little outfits involved in any kind of long-standing thing that's
like very esteemed and like the people involved they're very like they
discipline themselves I'm like it's all this stuff and then in these like
turbulent times I'm like are they ever gonna is it is it is that is that I'm
always curious like is somebody like man I didn't come all this way to be the
complain about the skirt lady in in Wimbledon like it's like you probably
probably a part of you is like I'm gonna be wearing that skirt and fucking shove
this ball down your fucking throat like you're the skirt is part of your
fantasy of dominating the world which is part of your empowerment it's just
well it's fun to think I can't watch a beach volleyball because I'm always like
yeah yeah what's good I know like the tiniest bikinis on the guys on the
fellas right it's just on everybody's wearing the tiniest clothes ever yeah
and and I'm always like looking at their eyes and I can't catch the game I'm so I
just don't watch it I think that's sort of what you're talking about yeah right and
I guess I'm always on guard I'm always like I'm always in warm-ups they have
to wear two bikinis it just makes it better for the game for game time I'm
always I'm always like a tornado watch like I'm watching the distant horizon of
sports outfit problem is to station because I'm like are they one day gonna
are they gonna come for the figure skaters yeah and is it gonna be all
about talent one day first they came for the figure skaters but I yeah I mean I
think I enjoy figure skating for the wrong reasons I don't enjoy it I do and
I am impressed with the prowess and the discipline but it just makes me nervous
yeah the gymnastics and figure skating is too stressful because when they
leap and then it's like they're either gonna yeah it seems so impossible what
they're doing I can you you're wearing knives on your feet and you're jumping
in there yeah and you're on a cold hard deadly surface and the fact that they're
not the carted off on a gurney after that they should all win a medal if you
fall on that surface your dead skin's gonna stick to it first of all oh if you
fall tongue first you're fucking your fuck you're fucking done baby you're
done it's yeah you're yeah you're sunk yeah yeah but you're wearing a knife on
your feet and you got to run around it's fucking crazy and you know yes you
should wear sequins if you're gonna die fucking go out with some sass I can't
watch the battle the balance beam makes me want to fucking have a heart attack
yeah I can't watch it's too much man that goes oh balance beam stop it don't do
it that's not that's never gonna come into play in real life you're never
gonna have to fuck also the do a fucking backflip on a stick flipping from one
end of the pads to the other end of the pads yeah and if you step out you're a
fucking dick fuck that yeah what do you think I can't believe that shit when
they when they when they do the flip and then they land in the beam I'm like it's
impossible they're superheroes yeah yeah yeah they should all just they should
all be president after they're for even sure yes they should fight crime they
shouldn't be doing that shit they should be fighting crime yeah I think their
bones are all splintered and they're miserable and stuff they're not gonna
live long they're like mostly gothic now I mean I saw you know I saw the
documentary about the there's a lot of grown-up former gymnasts and it's like
you can't you can see the trauma in the in the face and like I wonder if it's
it's like it's it's I was surprised I learned one thing from that documentary
that I that I was blown away by which is that there was an active like
threshold but that prior to a certain year in the Olympics like women's
gymnastics meant literally women which was like 25-year-old women like jumping
around doing their best like and the idea of having a child like like do do this
thing was like the same as like a child doing like you know any of the other
things and then and then this this guy like pioneered the art and science of
like yeah but when you're 13 you're like blah blah blah and like like just
started winning gold medals like a factory with like by like just children
just like a children's crusade into and now and now women's gymnastics means
kids because I was I didn't know that that was like a thing that just someone
invented on top of you know I didn't either I didn't watch that documentary I
think it was the Bella guy I think that was the guy that he was like the
big more Franklin of child and gold medals and gold medals with the BC boys
I think it was the BC boys that I'm hugging more girls and Bella Carolla it's
a fucking lyric I well it's yeah but there there's words in those lyrics that
made the Millennials hear the words and they had to say Jesus to it it's too
soon for you to say those words that were in those lyrics yeah man he just died
ad rock oh yeah he did too soon yeah too soon continuing our in-memory
section we have lost who else who else is in the news we've lost our I think right was it at rock nca dad oh I got
them all mixed up oh sorry guys damn it man you just killed him dad rock and then
brought him back to life I'm god BC boys holy shit I'm gonna say that Mike D
dies in 48 hours shut up we've already lost and then two-thirds of these boys
that's the Jeff Davis guarantee Mike D is dead 48 hours Christ we're losing our
audio guy Kris Boruff well we lost him last week was his last week he's still
here he's still here hunting that's like like the Phantom of the Opera because
he's bluffing he's doing he's Boruffing of he's training our replacement audio
guy who's stepping up Nolan's gonna take over his position so he's doing us the
uses fellow right up here I think that's probably Zach not just I don't know
why I was passed over for that role I'm pretty confident how do you think I feel
there's another fellow just spoke to set out yeah he didn't want you know he
doesn't want to be left anyways but we did last week would have been the right
episode to do this but for years now sort of service the quality audio the the
Johnny on the spot stunt work of like doing these live broadcasts that we do
that you guys are not hearing any feedback and it's going out live to
people that pay a subscription fee and then a couple days later it's like all
rubber banded and nicely mixed and dumping for free on the on the Hoy
Palloy and it's we've been spoiled in our diaper of amazing audio care and it's
all due to Kris Boruff so give him a give him a hand
hopefully he's dumping my audio down as I apply is he like is he like fucking
off to airwolf or some shit is he's already fucked off he got a game grumps
he got a G got a job is it really game grumps oh yeah we say that probably nice
well he got a job the offer that that's kind of fucked up of them though no I'm
kidding if they had caught if they called me and said who's who's the best
audio guy in the world so game grumps poached Chris off of it yeah that's good
but they're giving him more he can't refuse the thing he's got he's got
little Kris Boruff's in the oven to get no he doesn't I I just mean his testicles
he just likes to take care of his testicles his pants are in oven that's
why we stress why we strive to succeed but I mean that's a lot of service for
I mean this is a labor of love this little cottage industry we've got it's
not like we're we're not like exploiting people but at the same time we're
definitely not Google wait do they exploit people yeah yeah all right
well wait whatever the who are the non-exploiters no I'm one I'm one of
those I'm one of those businesses where I'm like hey take 10% of everything we
make you know and it but if and I'm I want that to be a billion dollars but it
often isn't and and then there's like you know it's like but you get a little
salary on top of it but I like that we we have a little biodome of people
getting paid well that's really like it's kind of revolutionary that this is
a place where people can start climbing right at working and then start
climbing and and act that they're still getting paid it's really cool you have
launched a lot of rockets oh shit you know okay you know who's your favorite
rocket I didn't set out to you know I mean I would count you among them yeah
like kind of found you in the streets like right the daily show you created
you probably in the streets of the daily so that's what I would do is I would
hang out into a please I invite you to do community on NBC yeah I just I just
hung out I was like oh for a little who's this little British guy oh John
Oliver why don't you come play a little little British guy over here yeah thank
you sir thank you that's true food glorious food then that motherfucker was
like I don't need you yeah but you know what he did do and I'm not saying this is
what you are revolutionized news he mentioned me in an interview they said
so there was in some interview with like somebody that was like a big thing of
like John Oliver is the greatest guy in the world maybe let's talk all about him
because he's like he's the greatest he's doing the Lord's work and like and they
were like what's somebody you learned something from and he was like Dan
Harmon he didn't probably didn't say it like in that accent or at that volume he
probably said it with a British accent you know it's a hit me guys like him and
guys like Colbert were always like I'm getting these opportunities right but
all I want to do is take go take read the news in the morning and send the
news into the joke pipe and then at night I want to do jokes about the news
that's what you want to do oh no I have no interest right right now no no those
guys did yeah I mean John Oliver particularly really have to admire his
like yes he absolutely I Sam Bee I don't I don't know of Colbert or Samantha
but I definitely know because he worked on our show and we had to negotiate with
his guy I'm kind of is that he had lots and lots of carrots dangling of like
just no why don't you just be the fucking guy in this Adam McKay movie or
whatever the fuck like you know like like like Colbert and he didn't want to
definitely absolutely want to do the exact thing that he's doing yeah and
they both told me they were like I don't this is what I've been working up to and
I don't want to do it I just discovered by doing the daily show that I want to
just be making jokes about the news all the time that takes a lot of and I'm
terrified and I always like you guys are all younger than me and I always like
look at you guys as grown-ups because I watched the daily show when I was like
at the height of my like fear of having to move back to Milwaukee as if as if
that's what you do when you fail in Los Angeles like the city you leave
welcome we all have to move back to Milwaukee even if we haven't lived there
before that's where we go that's what I was like all these guys are grown up most
people in Milwaukee aren't from Milwaukee they're all just failed they were
Hollywood yeah maybe like look at all these grown-ups doing news jokes like
news joke capital second tier you guys and then I'm like it always like I
hate reading John Oliver's age when he read like a thing about him I'm like oh
god he was always younger than me I feel like I'm you might be I wasn't you
weren't looking at me like that that's not I was like the dick joke guy on the
daily show I was never like the let's nail the news well I don't really get
these motherfuckers I was like well what about poo I'll take your word for it but
I really don't know how it worked in that show I mean I don't know my
perception as a viewer was that everyone was like it was like a face value thing
that everyone was a kind of like little producer of their own bits well that's
true when you got like a one of your remote gigs and you go out and do a
piece is that something that you had come up with or is that producers and
writers coming up with stuff that's a great thing about the daily show is that
everybody on the show could pitch those bits could pitch those pieces and John
would be the ultimate voice of well this is gonna get done and this is gonna
get done and this is gonna get done and we would basically write me and a
producer would write a what we would set out to get and then we would never get
that thing we would get something completely different and we come back
and edit it and John would come back into the room and and help to craft it
and it would become something totally different and always something better
that's great right but like with me they weren't like I was always the dumbest guy
in the room right and I learned how to be the dumbest guy in the room and I
learned how to be that because Rob Riggle would come in and be like with his
pipe and his magnifying glass Rob Rob replaced me so I never had to be the
second dumbest guy in the room Rob definitely was like hey I'll be the
dumbest guy now get out of here your numbers up dummy yeah neither of us
gave a shit about like we didn't understand what we were making jokes
about we were just like boo and dicks but but there was a time when I got
started I got addicted to it and I was like at the debates right or I was in
New Hampshire and I was watching two c-spans at once because there's two of
those shits and I was watching these c-spans c-spans too is where it gets
kind of dirty oh and John Stewart his credit c-span the security camera of
news because it was literally I was watching it and it was sweeping this
and there's Rob Reiner talking to John McCain and then it would pass and then
you'd pass again and there's Rob Reiner talking to John McCain again and there's
Dennis Kucinich and there he goes and and I was obsessed with it and then I
realized like what am I doing but this is never gonna be an interesting area
this is not my felt by person but this is not who I am but I love level did you
have to become a news junkie yourself I just well like I was saying before right
I realized I was the dumbest guy in the room and that's but that's a good thing
in that I realized like for the first time in my life I wasn't trying to be
smarter than I was so then I realized that I wasn't that dumb as I wasn't as
dumb as I thought I was but I from does that make any sense like trying to be not
trying to be the smartest guy in the room makes you smart right and and I felt
comfortable with all these like eggheads these political these walks these
comedy like fucking ninjas and and and and then I just felt comfortable and I
and then I got it I got the whole thing but I then they got me and they still
realized that I was the poo and dick guy who are the people that go through and
watch everything and co-late like even like on John Oliver on last week
tonight or whatever there's people that edit like and now this and it's a bunch
of clips like how does somebody go through all that shit so alright there's
this guy on the Daily Show he's still there and he's been there since the
beginning is Adam John Oliver didn't get him because you know I know no there's a
lot John Oliver snatched up a lot of guys Colbert snatched up a lot of guys
but there's still this dude I still think he's on the Daily Show and his
name's Adam Chodokov and he knows everything about everything and he's
the one that's like he comes in every morning he's like pull a clip on fucking
Trump in Korea Oliver characterized him as like superhuman he's superhuman
and the set of community I was like how how does that happen when you catch a
politician and he mentioned Chodokov like yeah he's a genius there's this guy
literally genius but and like the key is that the guy is like he's retaining
enough yeah because you it wouldn't you could have all the equipment all the
hard drives in the world but it wouldn't matter if you didn't when you heard the
Democratic National Convention say something about taxes and you go okay
that thing that she just said she said the opposite of that I know she did I
only now have to go look for it but to have it in your head yeah well he was
the guy in the room that John Stewart was like that guy is as smart as I am you
know and he was like Adam am I right about this and I'd be like well here's
the thing and he'd launch into this like you know dissection of this economic
policy and John would be like got it here's the joke and you know so he was
just this resource and still is I believe I think he's still there yeah but
lately there's a recent bid on John Oliver show where they just cut to one
of the Fox News twats saying the same thing a thousand times but that means
somebody had to watch that like every every episode of Fox News with the
morning show whatever it was like it just to collate all that all that
information and to make a giant edited piece out of every iteration of that
stupid thing that they do well there's always somebody on every TV show that
recycles the news and makes jokes about it that watches TV for a living right
right yeah on the Howard Stern show it's a JD you know like he just his job is
watching TV and and these guys have this talent of of doing what you said just
just collecting and collecting finding patterns and and then and no and then
there's a system of of who to send it to to make it into jokes that somebody
that feels like the funnest job in the world it's the watching part but then I
know I would be so stressed out because of the sense of responsibility that you
like when you read like a Sherlock Holmes story or like any of these like
takeoffs where it's like oh the whole point is that like well everyone else
was thinking about more yardies knife I was noticing that the air freshener was
this that it's comedy Sherlock Holmes same part of the brain that makes you good
at chess and Stratigo and all these and crosswords and things that I if they
freak me out Stratigo is a fucking great game Stratigo is a good game sorry I
didn't mean to cut you off no it's really fun though right I don't all I know
about Stratigo is that it's like people that like risk are like yikes oh I like
the spy I think is the spy part of it yeah the bomb yeah the bomb oh the bomb
oh my god that game fucking rocks strategy freaks me out like I because I just
always feel like I get burnt in Stratigo that's all I know I can't play
games I'm not good at games until I know the strategy yeah and then my then I
fuck with my kids I'm at my I'm at my worst when I'm thinking a move or more
yeah oh it takes me a while I'm really sure I'm not at my best when I'm not
thinking ahead but you're like was he giving himself credit for being a
genius in the moment because no but I'm just I'm just not the more yeah it
just it panics me like I always like starts it's like I think that got
consciously thinking about what what I'm supposed to be doing like fucks me up
and I'm panicked until I figure that part of it out and it's usually not that
complicated it's usually like oh I gotta go left when these guys go right I guess
you check about the joy of like finding your bit and then you know what to go
after and then having like a well of like like I enjoy that sensation of like
looking at like fucking around and then you're like wait I know what the bit is
yeah that's exactly what it is yeah it's like you're describing coming up with
the remote pieces to it's like you had to chart a course by some star right to go
out there and say well here's our angle but what we're really gonna do is an
interview and we'll make sure we have one thing in the can and then you come
back and in the Bay you're gonna wait a minute we've got a new angle how many
times did you guys then like fundamentally change the opener all the time so so
that's really so we had a lot of fun zeroing in on that you know that thing
and then we'd come back like I said and it'd be wrong and then we'd have a lot
of fun and edit zeroing in on it again and trying to figure it out I think
that's what you're talking about yeah yeah yeah hey Dan real quick just to
clarify I think you mistakenly called Kris Boruff the audio guy he's the
he's the video he's talking about audio he's the live video director of
Harmontown oh I stripped out a channel or two from his yeah you're right he's
the live editing I mean he's the director he's the camera mounts and all the
stuff and he's the he's the editor of the video did they say that and some kind
of headset yeah that was like two hours ago did you just get like so really hey
Jeff you're the comptroller no he's Zach and Chris pointed that out via text just
now yeah he texted me but I didn't say anything I didn't get a text from
anybody and now he's the now he's good now he's the producer at Game Grumps so
we got that all right all right well and man we're promoting Zach to head of
texting all right I would say being that that diminished by Harmontown is the
equivalent of swinging three podcast bats that's a great analogy right that's a
great analogy I mean at least Kris Boruff gets to like his back there packing
his bag I left at the right place they don't even know what I did
great time they meant they missed like like a half of what I do I want a big
half it's your eyeballs the biggest half I think we should also give a big shout
out to Zac McKeever for craft services nobody makes peanut butter sandwich like
Zac McKeever our craft service backstage that's all he does is make
sandwiches you're Mike you're Mike the that your your feed is just racist quotes
from Hitler now he just swapped it out you just threw the kettle one cap on the
ground I dropped it because I'm drunk Google it
Google alcohol drunk Siri what is alcoholism anybody noticing Siri getting
more aggressive or is it just that I'm festooned with i devices as I always
answers you when you're not talking I was in the writers room two days ago and I
was like stammering through some explanation of like I'm like this it's
like it's like that it's like this remember when Pete Holmes did his
impression of me like I was like trying to ask him a question and he was like
what are you at and I'm like well what no you know what I'm asking is like well
I think you might be going but he kind of like like seriously like I if I say
anything close to Siri in the midst of talking in the writers room like every
once in a while like this my watch or my phone will cut me off halfway through and
it's this like woman in a tin can mocking me there's just going like I don't know
what you're talking about well now it's no just like it's like she think I can't
find the answer to that Jan back to the what I heard was I think it's like this
but logistically it should be that but from a standpoint of internal logic it's
more like that but what we should do is break the rules before we define them
because the in truth like maybe defining them well it's not to say this is that
what you meant and all the writers are like she nailed you like we can get
fired but that bitch got you down I'll do the thing if I'm in the car and I'll
go like tell Bill Davis my brother like tell Bill Davis that I'll be over at
1130 and I'll cough or something tell Bill Davis fuck shit and she goes hmm
sounds interesting what do we fucking a couple like give me a break these are
the worst like they get out of my life I don't I'm never gonna I'm not gonna talk
to you never ask her anything I'm never gonna I'm yeah I'm not doing it like
why did baby boomers take to that why are they so into them yeah why did it
like skip is it gonna skip a generation is it just like cuz like I'm you know
text from your mom to just now have this like like my mother's it's because
they're now there and they'll just be like like what are you are you a beat
poet or if your father's doing fine as glaucoma is axing up but barf barf
Pluto Nash is like like like and then and then at the end is like sorry I'm
using Siri that's right Pluto Nash I'm like you're having this conversation
this entire conversation with me which I actually regard as somewhat intimate
because it's with my mom but you're at like Sam's Club barking into the like
like and another thing about whoa and the phone's just getting a little bit
of it wrong but you're like fuck it send it who cares it's just a son yes she
makes no my mother makes no effort to correct anything yeah well what does it
pull down a year having having him for a kid whatever like I finished my job when
he didn't get polio yeah like he's he's over 18 fuck him send him the jarbald
text I got medical bills to save up for I don't give a shit what he reads let
him let him judge me in my well I'm fucking six feet under I'll be laughing
up dirt laughing up dirt that's the name of the episode I hope so I like
problematizing the station that's a pretty good I couldn't get it out I
couldn't get it out have you talked to the have you talked to the mom and dad
recently how how how can I really I told you my niece is a violinist and then
that she's from bones yeah but she's like like she's a she's going she's your
daughter's age I believe oh I think she's like 13 and she's a but she's she's
like a violin maybe the word prodigy I don't know what she like she's been asked
to be in the Milwaukee Symphony twice the Milwaukee I'm sorry Milwaukee children
symphony god damn it same thing I mean have you heard the Milwaukee Symphony
it's like they it's like it's like the college all the Hollywood failures just
go right so it's all like sure-runners just lazy people in the gym walk walk I
paid my dues to the children off to Milwaukee yeah it's just old people
from from the Boston Symphony right in the pops all of our zoo employees are
just people that were working in San Diego and got drunk and woke up in the
tiger cage the truth the truth or the propaganda is that Milwaukee is very
private it has a great zoo for a city of its size and a great I don't know I
think every hometown like yeah people are always proud of their I don't think
they're fucking animal jail yeah the fucking bullshit like yeah and there's
better jails than some like there's there's it's important for jails to be
to to to be fucking well-tended yeah yeah thank you for spiking my football
which is a touchdown for me right yes keep going and I and thank you for swinging
three balls great baseball metaphor I'll swing three balls baby I'm swinging
at least two right now I do think that having been to the goddamn Los Angeles
zoo that's fucking county jail Milwaukee is remember when a p20 p129 or
something like Ada koala what okay listen to this shit is that a public
school they eat a koala I think it's named p129 is a fucking mountain lion
that lives in Griffith Park oh yeah yeah right yes and it so my daughter it
got tired being a number she was seven right and she came home and she was like
hey hey daddy p129 and a koala bear and I was like what's p129 or whatever and
she like it's a mountain lion and it stolen to the zoo and she didn't say
that she's doesn't she's not a poet your daughter is PG
I'm punching up her shit she needs a little punch I used to be at the daily
show now you're doing punch up for it I tell stories I tell stories way better
than she does and she's like he patted across the maze and and so anyway the
day she was asked to bits the koala was dashed fairly to bits and forthwith
disposed of a koala bear yeah the fucking mountain lion basically what my
daughter was saying is a fucking mountain wait till the mountain broke into
the zoo and ate a koala the night before she went on her field trip to the zoo
right and me my wife were like no way and yeah way because your daughter's
filled with lies most of the time I'm not I'm not gonna say she's not talking
about a Rick and Morty fan oh well now that's the youngest one she's not allowed
to watch Rick and Morty yet oh wait I thought this was a story from so long
ago that you're 13 year old this is my other daughter who really dying to watch
Rick and Morty so p128 just recently are you looking at no but I you reminded me
of thing I need to look up on what I'm next door I mean this is a long way of
going the mountain lion came out of Griffith Park yes and went jumped went
into the zoo a koala fence ate a koala yep delicious delicious koala and they
just boned out the thing about LA is they're like well that's nature fuck yeah
it is fuck yeah it is like like for that for that mountain lion a zoo is like
Trader Joe's absolutely and all we can do is tag it they tag it out they've tagged
it and they just watching it yeah they're like well it's not gonna eat more
koalas but we're not gonna kill it it's like um yeah let it yeah let it
probably fuck you don't fuck koala park just don't go in koala supposed to be
assholes are supposed to be really unfriendly and like kind of koala suck
yeah well come on they don't suck as violent they're no animal deserves to
be just locked up and then like that like the hey good day here's your
eucalyptus see you tomorrow it's the it's the freshest eucalyptus from
Milwaukee of wherever this fucking thing is and then like I do like Milwaukee
eucalyptus and then and then like okay let's go hey koalas let's go and they're
like hi mate hey oh you knew here right yeah yeah oh sorry you're the I'll be
the new koala yeah I don't do a very good I was telling that listen here I go
you can save me ten ten yukis yeah uh I bet that you wouldn't be the first to
cry
try to suck it up are you trying to fuck me oh my I'm welcoming you to like a
horrible new lifestyle I was told I was this is not my accent I was
doing great but then the mountain line the mountain line well wait wait well
that's what I'm building to please because that's the fucking worst yeah
that no animal deserves this tragic irony that it's like oh just just take it
easy mate like look I was just gonna fuck up the largest koala in here for now
listen here instead do that just remember you're in here for keeps and you
never get now and like they control everything yeah but it beats being in
the jungle oh did you did you say something did you hear that I'm not
familiar with it's sand wait did you oh Jesus there's a fucking wild animals
white white what we be there this is why I left the bush they told us when they
put us in the crate that the whole point was they didn't have wildlife hello I'm
the mountain line I'm sorry I stole into your your your own place I was different
I mean to steal into your your habitats I was wrong about this fella I'd be mighty
chuffed if I could nibble on one of you that's good koala that's like like
one of those horror movies where it's like the zombie apocalypse is happening
and they you know if they really want to hurt your feelings like they'll cut to
like the local jail or whatever and it's just like hey let me out it's like god
damn it like like that sucks like like they already sucked to be human into
the apocalypse and then there's like meanwhile where it's illegal to have
more than a pot of weed yeah I don't measure weed and pot I would say that
that's that's not very sportsman like of the of the mountain lion to go eat a
jail that mountain's gonna lion you know but like I'm it's it's not
not like it's not sportsman like of a zoo to be like here you go you're not
allowed to do anything naturally koala ish don't know not stay exactly where
you are where I'm gonna go to bed where and it's just like you stay here in
this not mountain lion proof say and the koala is the koala's can't unionize
and say can we make the fence mountain lion tall yeah yeah yeah not coming out
today fuck get face yeah and be one this is able to jump out this is not this is
not fair dinkum yeah not fair dinkum all right hey do not like your hat might the
zookeeper hat you're wearing might don't like your hat might god you got you got
this fucking locked down you're in the zone okay so my dogs got in a skunk
battle like so after that last week we were celebrating the week anniversary of
the front porch massacre Cody thought I was coming home from the show like she
she like like she thought she was so like she thought she was timing it right
so when the dogs started barking she assumed it was me coming up the front
walk she flings open the front door it's gonna be a beautiful thing all the
dogs coming out Barbara Harvey Nigel they're gonna like run out and we love
being a family and a pack and Barbara Barbara's great well Barbara's she's
great won't say she's great she's great she's I mean I love Barbara she's my
she's my daughter like she's the little much she said the dogs go flying out the
front door but it's not me rolling up it's a it's a skunk and and and and so
it's Harvey runs out and's like what's up and the skunk is like and Harvey's
like and then Barbara's like even though Barbara hates Harvey and constantly
like nips at him when they're feeding and like like like like like Barbara's
like constant like it's just it's just ironic that this is now a time for
sibling support that she's like why did you spray my brother and like die like
runs in grabs the skunk and it's like and it's like spraying ever it's like I
got one move one move and Nigel's like I've been through this six times I think
I'm supposed to hang back and and Cody's like Barbara let go and Barbara
let's go and the skunk goes by her account limping away and then looks back
at Nigel who's just like watching it and goes because it's had enough and of
this yard and just like limps away and and Cody gets all of the pack into the
fucking house which still stinks and it's a nightmare and all this stuff so then
two days later this post on next door app because the internet doesn't let
anything happen anymore with like we this is we're not gonna survive it's all
content baby we are all connected now there is no escape like and and the the
bad I think outweighs the good of a purely connected society like I we're
on the next door app so we saw this post injured baby skunk fuck you I saw an
injured baby skunk whilst whilst all right fuck you fuck you well now this
sounds like some Milwaukee shit right now this person's into skunks while
walking on my neighborhood at around 7 p.m. it was dragging its back legs not
limp it was like oh fuck you don't mourn this skunk possibly hit by a car you keep
thinking that it made its way into someone's garden so I hurriedly got on
the internet in search of a place to help rescue it I called humane society in
Glendale as it is supposed to be open 24-7 to get an answering machine which
says we do not rescue animals call the Pasadena office well it was closed at
7 p.m. I then called around every animal rescue of friends of animals vets
etc to find them all closed it's pathetic that it is so hard to find help for a
sick or injured animal I lived in a small town in another state where there is
always a place to find help with I realize that sometimes an animal is so
badly injured that it can be the only thing you can do but at least we can
try to save one person I am really disappointed that in a city as big as
LA it's so hard to find some organization to help I went back with water for the
little skunk and could not find it and it was getting dark I am really angry
and frustrated right now send send I don't know I understand all of those
feelings I accept for the quick is not when she goes into the biography
version of I was born in a small town you don't picture this as a dude huh you
said she I it's funny how I immediately pictured this as a guy because I but
you know now that I'm proud of myself for picturing as a guy but but it's
because I don't like them and part of that is that I feel terrible because I'm
like just think they're describing the wake of a fucking horrible war machine
that yeah like I but so I want this person to be a bad person I don't it's
not it this person doesn't have empathy for the little skunk this person's like
these fucking neighbors are gonna love me after this I can't believe this girl
this review about like their relationship with doing nothing they've
they accomplished nothing and do you know do you have a ring doorbell I have
a I got a new thing it's a doorbell unlocks the front door well that's right
there's no camera I'm sorry I'm sorry your ring is doorbell and you guys come
in yeah yeah well ring ring door ring whatever has this I think it's kind of
perfected and fucked up neighborhood what next door neighborhood right whatever
it is because it's basically ring does anybody know about this like ring
neighborhood so basically it's just pictures of people sneaking into their
yard or like trying to find a key on top of the doorjam and then seeing there's
a ring and like oh fuck and they run away and that gets posted to ring
neighborhood and everybody's like oh Jesus that's awesome it's a fat black and
white nighttime photo of this criminal but then also every once in a while this
just as kid it's like a black kid trying to sell candy right right and yeah
right and people are like ah I have never seen this fellow around the
neighborhood looks like he's casing what you got in that box yeah yeah it's at
least nobody's like talking about their fucking little skunks everybody's you
know it's just pictures of criminals and that's the only people being mistaken
the only like if someone knocks on my door I'm instantly upset like I think
it goes back I think they're all criminals anybody that knocks on my door
is a criminal I don't care if your UPS or whatever the fuck but if you knock on
my door I take it harkens back to the time when I was broke and that might be
the sheriff coming to evict me like like so like the mailbox and the knock on
the door is always the enemy yeah even if I've ordered food and I know that
someone's gonna come knock on the door I instinctively look for my shoes yeah
because there was a time when I literally had to like think about like
going out the back like the back exit and so fuck you for knocking on doors
but if you're gonna knock on my door have chocolate if the little kid
comes up with a box full of chocolate it's pretty good chocolate they got the
almonds in there and you or I don't care what it's for they say it's they're
gonna get it they're gonna get a trip somewhere I don't give a fuck but if
you're gonna knock on my door candy bring me some goddamn chocolate with some
almonds and I will always buy that I'll buy the whole goddamn box yeah I told
the story on this podcast about like the first year in my house like the
weirdest encounter that I still think about all the time and I'm like this
guy that looked so much like Kevin James like just picture Kevin James he had a
baseball hat on and just looked like Kevin James just picture that he rang
my doorbell and like he was like hey um hey I'm so-and-so I'm such a touch and
I thought and he kind of like he ran he rattled off the stuff and I'm just like
you know I'm in full I'm already I'm just in like stranger on my porch mode like
I don't like and so I'm not absorbing what he's explaining which is that he's
related to one of my neighbors and that his mother-in-law's grandma's sister is
the one that walks the poodles from time to time and like I'm just giving him his
blank look because I'm like what's happening and like it sets the tone for
the whole conversation that like he sees this blank look and he in it it seems
like in his mind he's done so much explaining about who he is and I've
I've given him nothing in return that he just he just gets this look on his face
like never mind so anyways and then he continues with this pitch about like
kids in a soccer league and they're like playing soccer and they're gonna go to
Italy and play soccer and all the kids in the local school and all these things
are gonna play plus soccer and and they need money and they're raising money and
they're fundraising and I'm like I'm just like like wow man like if you come
knock on my door like like if you're lucky if I'm high like I like like you're
you're unlucky if I'm like in the middle of a movie like like I don't I just like
you're at someone's house but I'm just like I'm not I was like how do I what
do I do what do you want and I'm like I reach in my pocket and I like unwad like
a $5 bill and in my head I'm thinking like Harmon you're crazy this guy's a
panhandler and he's like gonna get five bucks like if you saw him on the street
you wouldn't give a $5 bills away like you're just you're just engaging this
weird like suburban privilege thing because the guys looks like Kevin James
and while I'm thinking that the guy is looking at the $5 bill like I'm
producing an AIDS needle and and like offering a gem and and and and and I'm
like you know what well I'll tell you what I just this is what I got in my
pocket right now I'm kind of in the middle of probably disappointing some
studio and you're probably watching Pluto Nash and and and and he's like he
doesn't take the five job he's like okay okay no no I mean usually what we're
talking about is something more like like like like you know like in the
neighborhood of something if you have a checkbook or a thing and I don't like I
took a turn yeah and I go like oh I don't have a checkbook in the house and
like and he's like you know what I don't I don't you know what you like like
like whatever it's I find it's like I come over here you're pulling out like
five dollars out of your pocket I was like I just like whatever and he like
walks away I'm I'm just shell shocked and I don't like standing there in the
porch and then I'm like and then I'm like like like walk out like as he's
walking away because you've got to like walk down all these like DreamWorks
flagstone steps out of my place he can't he can't just like disappear into a
bush it's like he's just had this like weird thing with me and now he's just
walking a football field and I was like like are you a psychopath since
something like what are you a fucking psycho or something like I was like
genuinely curious like I was like I was like what was this so I can tell my
friends and and he turns around he's Kevin James he's wearing cargo shorts a
white baseball cap and but he does this move where he turns around while he's
storming away and and raises arms out he goes like I don't know man you know
everybody has a checkbook in their house sir and he just like walks away and
I'm like what the fuck that's definitely not true for me I'm sure it's true for
everybody you've fucking gotten to pay for your friend's soccer what the fuck
are you talking about you can't this is the big house on the hill baby I pay
people to count my money I don't even I might be broke right now that's how rich
I am I'm gonna check checkbook oh yeah it's right over here by my coupons let me
get my coupons and my checkbook that's fucking poor people shit I'm gonna get
out of pen and write about money and I won't do it whom it may concern now can
I have some Ben gay fuck you Batman and right about money yeah that's what a
check is right like oh here's some money I hope I have well signed Shirley oh
what's the date again I don't feel like what's a part of time like fuck you I'm
like I died when I learned about that shit in the home act in middle school I'm
like okay well how much money do you have to pay to get rid of no I'm not
balancing no check I'm not keeping a diary about my money this is fucking
Wilma Flintstone shit my mom and my mom you know what you know I'm on a little
tear here my mom my mom my mom would be like you got to learn to tell time like
I'm like what the fucking things with the needles like no man there's a clock on
the stove and she's like that's a digital clock it's different I'm like
bitch do you think the what kind of clock do you think every is gonna be
everywhere bitch please you think people are oh yeah the people we invented the
stove clock that says 803 bitch and you don't got to subtract and eat shit and
multiply times five what is this fucking Archimedes shit on the wall with a
fucking cat's eyes going click clock do I gotta work it out well what do you
think I don't know here's a hint about what time it is five times five minus
13 I'm gonna be rich in the future my car's gonna drive itself I'm not even
gonna have to steer I can't believe your parents beat you they did it first then
I got surly I think I don't think actually you're making me think
I never called my mom bitch I mean did you really not have a checkbook in your
house no I didn't I mean I might have had one like packed away with like the
commemorative princess dyed shot glasses that my ex-wife bought and it's
blasphemy for years but I still have one like once in a while hey well you agree
with this guy everybody's good you just gotta fucking move I'm like yeah not for
you Kevin James it's like you know what you do though if you like let's say like
you like you like loan a friend like 50 bucks or you know whatever like and you
write your friend a personal check or whoever it is no matter what it is the
gas company whatever you got to do to write it you have to write a check in
the notes section I think people neglect the notes section and every time no
matter who it is business related friendly whatever and the notes erotic
cakes I always just put drugs one time David Butler our business manager
accountant who we just saw today he said hey hey Jeff did you did you spend
$800 on erotic cakes you're like yeah my job here yes yes I did that should
I'll get held up on Venmo or whatever it is now right like you if you put a
little memo in a Venmo payment I don't have Venmo yet so I don't know so one
of the writers was tell me everybody's got Venmo man she paid her therapist she
wrote something funny in the therapy section it was like I think it was a
reference to what she talked about in the therapy section which was session
which also happened to allude to like explosives or something it was like and
they held her check up because it was like the memo which as long as I've
lived is always where the joke goes she put a joke but now that we're in the
black and new new digital world the memo matters they like held her check
because she might have been ISIS because ISIS love this like so into like clean
bookkeeping they're like well it's for explosives just put the explosives yeah
you know like signatures this is how al-qaeda failed it's got it got them on
the fucking bookkeeping and your email you can set a signature just every email
you send is the same signature on Venmo my memo that I sent is just killed a
president and so far so good I guess they don't bring in I'm not sure if it's
still true but I think David Cross you know when you incorporate you can name
your corporation whatever you want do you have a funny name I do no I don't it's
not funny but I believe the Cordray company that David Cross is the Jew
Run Media so every time he writes himself a check from his corporation he's
being paid by the Jew Run Media that's really good I really blew it really yeah
yeah I regret my calling it just Cordray company okay I didn't have to be a
baby skunk by the way what does this guy know about skunk ages I can't believe
he came back with water my trainer how does it be I like that the he or she
surmises that it's a it's a car accident listen fuck skunks fuck sharks
fuck bears and fuck mosquitoes yeah I love bears probably but skunks are
adorable bear side on my okay all right all right skunk adorable but they will
fuck up your life like if they if they decide to do it probably a value there
was a family of skunks I used to live in like right in my street and once in a
while that we I would just come home late at night and there'd be a family of
skunks on my doorstep and it's just a standoff yeah it's like I might I'm like
I I have to go to a hotel tonight because it's like when I used to I used to smoke
and I would be sitting in my driveway smoking and I'd feel like a little tongue
or a nose on the back of my shin and I looked down as a fucking skunk what
looks like sniffing my the back of my leg your neighbors feeding them and I
would yeah that means that's how you learn that jump a million years away and
that sprays you for jumping yeah right oh you talked about in an earlier show
coyote in your yard right yeah they were back last night
oh yeah oh see so this is one of those shows where I was I was I was walking
and I was listening and I was like talking to you through the my airpods
my airpods or whatever they are because yeah I can afford those man and I was
like I was like no you got to haze the coyote yeah he's got to haze them
otherwise they'll die and you got yeah like nobody's gonna come and get rid of
that coyote what do you mean haze a guy had a coyote you gotta like stand out
of the cold so this so that they get into your fraternity you got to make a
joke they got a butt chuck some Jack you get a butt chuck some Jack you got to
throw rocks out of him and stuff yeah if you befriend the coyote and convince it
to butt chug and to join my fraternity and then yeah they go through a pledging
period and then the coyote like comes to you it's like I'm all strung out that's
brother you got to call me brother before you say
I was I was high enough tier on the FX gift list that I got airpods for that
you got gifted airpods yeah and it says FX on the little case I'm like wow cool
airpods that's cool yeah like I have some of these people make fun of you when
you wear them but whatever and I like I open it up and pulled them out and they
branded you know it said FX on the case and then I can't wear those on each
fucking on each little thing that sticks out of your ears it doesn't say FX it
just says they're they're one word slogan which you definitely want on your
airpods fearless you just ruined a good pair of airpods unwearable like I'm
already like I'm already in the crosshairs of the of the of the of the
of the commoner walking on the sidewalk it's gonna say fearless in the little
cigarette butts coming out of my ears yeah okay so anyways gonna get a double
but it's got sure sir this is a tire shot I've got the HBO HBO send me some
of it just say Chernobyl yeah you gotta I'm still got I'm getting out of this
house I feel like it's trying to claim my soul it's like it's like infecting my
bladder it's sending coyotes and bees like it's sent horrible electronics people
that are making rape friendly doorbells like I it's like it feels like you gotta
get out of here and then but no barber is eating like those fucking palm pits if
the dogs are puking everywhere it's like like we gotta get these dogs out of
here is your house haunted it's haunted by just shitty house like there's no
ghost it would be cool if there was like a but the house is saying get the fuck
out yeah it's saying like the house is saying it's not you it's me yeah I can't
wait I just keep fantasizing about the dumb shit that buys my house but you
got a pool to new crib right yeah can I can I hang out of that pool I don't know
do you want to believe I'm a pool person you'll never go in that pool right I
don't think Jeff was there for an episode what happened yes yes you can
come in the pool I want to hang out of the pool well you of course like what do
you think you can pull for you that's so you don't I think it's finally time at
45 going to pools oh I'm the first one in the last one up baby I can't go you
see my tan oh yeah yeah my rich deep Lorenzo Lamas yeah oily did I tell you
guys about my therapist I've been seeing a therapist no he he thinks I should get
a haircut so this is the therapist that told me to cut my beard and now he
thinks I should get here wait what what what the fuck is his problem that's the
thing is I keep telling people should get a therapy degree yeah that's what I was
going to say I was like yeah you should start wearing a suit you should get a
clipboard I started asking people how they start writing things down in this
office see you he runs you should see that I could get on board for that be
great you should start playing highlight it's just very weird and every time I
tell people about that they're like that sounds wrong and I'm like I know right
why is he weighing in on your gun your like style well he just kind of like I
go in there and he's like so what's new and I'm like oh you know I've been
depressed he's like well you look like shit maybe get a haircut hippie who do
I make the check out to right exactly it's great it's a lot of he sounds like
he's really nailing it it's weird get out of there yeah no I know yeah you're
allowed to see like 20 therapists before you find one you like yeah but where do
you even find one well I don't know yeah you got to keep going just keep
stumbling into him I want to go to a therapist to ask him about my therapist
like be like hey he tells me to get a haircut what do you think about that it
would be fair you know because all therapists they see therapists they
right we learned that in the sopranos and it's true like they all have
therapists and it I think it should be fair like we should all get to have one
session a month with our therapist therapist yeah where we're like what's
up with Linda you don't know I'm like well she's usually asking me stuff I was
like look if you've ever heard her complain about her mom let me explain a
couple things about that and then you just sort of like like put it in
perspective man he also said I don't make enough eye contact oh god I'm making
more eye contact though it's a lot of fun it's like a video game it's like
stardew valley the hearts are going up I feel like when I make I can finally I'm
going to kill them like I don't want to stare into people's eyes that's the thing
is that one time I called him I was like well do you think if I went to another
therapist they'd tell me to get a haircut and I fucking maintained unbroken
unblinking eye contact like you're doing with me right now it's while I was
watching him answer I was like right this is why I don't like eye contact
because it's inherently aggressive this is what predators do to pray that they're
going to murder yeah that's why I'm super comfortable doing it in this
context because I want to kill you right now it is true yeah yeah humans have
deep defenses for a reason yeah well it's just we're being assaulted
constantly assaulted with people's eyes on us yeah I don't look at people because
it's a favor to them I'm right exactly I'm like Cyclops I'm like I don't make
this I'm holding my arms in front of me like I'm like that's armor right yeah
that's the other when I go into the therapy I'm like this I'm like and he
asked why I did that and I was like well I don't want to close off my body
posture and have you read into me closing off my body posture yeah so this is
such a I'm exhausted well that is my therapist tissues that it's it is like
it's like I contact and and and open your body up but like I feel like I kind
of like I kind of more like I contact thing I'm like but also I don't like
looking at ugly people yeah so I don't want to make eye contact
well I hear you know like why would you want that's just not fun now it's not
fun for anyone is your therapist ugly oh yeah all right I like I don't mean to
get it say that so that like yeah I'd look at you if you were hot when I was
when I was really young I went to a therapist with my mom what was a
psychiatrist they were giving me drugs and stuff and they were like I noticed
you have your hands on your genitals do you want to talk about that and I was
like my hands are in my lap like what are you talking what do I do with my hands
oh and then the past 20 years you don't know what I'm like what do I do with my
hands so that they're not in my lap so they're not on my genitals I can't fit
them in my pockets I like sit like this like I'm Jesus or something
all right it's a lot of fun I think my hands are on my genitals your eyes are
clearly on my general right let's talk about that see that would have been a
good comeback yeah but yeah I always save up a lot of good comebacks for what
I'm saying yeah it's you're on the show let's breathe a scalier yeah so you
always got a good one after the therapy session I would doubt unless you followed
that up with like by the way I'm overlooking all that stuff because
there's something about him or whatever that I would definitely no I want to I'm
just lazy yeah I haven't seen him lately 85% of therapists suck just like no I
know my last therapist was like I go well I got nothing to talk about and he was
like we don't have to talk oh I was like oh fuck he just starts washing a car
yeah no he was just staring at me and I was like all right this is what we're
doing exactly yeah so it's like then my my mind is just I'm like well how long
can I keep this up and then it becomes about keeping it up and I'm like well
this is stupid I'd be here for a reason I want to want you to tell me why I'm so
fucked up yeah exactly yeah something or admit you can't give me my money back
yeah let's not let's talk you talk what do you think is what do you think is
fucked up about you what what yeah oh take your pick Jesus Christ
dealer's choice damn it I mean a social awkward I'm just awkward I'm I'm I'm not
fucking nightmare but you don't but you you my mind is on fire is it yeah but
I'm not thinking about anything good or intelligent it's just like you fuck is
there oh is there a theme if you could identify it within that flame is like
like I'll go first and say like it's just like don't kick me out don't kick me
out like that's what I'm thinking like like I'm most preoccupied by like I'm
just like well just like like look look don't kick me out like I just have this
like like don't kick me out of society like don't I feel like that's way deeper
than what my mind says to me my mind's always like oh you look like an asshole
right now you just get a haircut you just said something really stupid and that
person hates you now that person like like it sounds like you're just going I
mean I think all those things stupid I'm just yeah but then then also you know
like who what nobody's thinking about me right and what if what would be the
worst thing that would happen if they thought all yeah exactly the first
thing is theoretically that they would like they would like yeah kick you out
which doesn't happen right like yeah I guess I'm sort of thinking if yeah but
it's all kind of like summed up as like like oh how am I driving like like like
like you're trying to put energy into the interface you're going like hey I hear
you like like like like you know I don't know it's like like like like I want to
say the right thing and all this stuff and it's like and then that manifests
itself as like things that might make you like awkward or you say the wrong
thing sometime and then I'm always thinking like well so the opposite of
that spectrum isn't like just like a sociopath that's just like doesn't give
a fuck and it's like like yeah I got this man like what's this guy talking
about I'm gonna listen to everything he says and then I'm gonna like mine him
for weaknesses kind of jealous of sociopaths I know I totally am like
well I think everybody is like we're fascinated with them like we wish we
could take like a little sociopath supplement like a little like like
stuff and feel like what that's like for a 10 minutes or just do like a little
bit to get you take the edge off of your wanting to not get arrested so you're
just like I'm a little I'm a little 5% sociopath I'm feeling it like enough to
relax because nobody wants to talk to somebody that's thinking about how
they're being received yeah it's like we're all a bunch of suction cups trying
to suck on each other yeah and that's how that's how humans laugh I hate I
hate that the guys like oh I've got like like oh what do I notice that your hair
I know that's the thing that pisses me off it's like this isn't working you're
not working very hard to get these answers the most superficial thing you
could possibly say he was probably after he said that like oh fuck I fucked
out he goes to therapy and he's like I said the worst I did it I got I got this
bag of dirt coming to see me he's got a long hair I just want to get a book with
a beard oh what do we do we want somebody to get haircut we don't say it we try to
point them in the direction where they'll realize they want to get a haircut
that's right now go in the corner and piss your pants on purpose do it and
then that guy goes to his therapist it's like like just fucking like it's just a
fucking dominatrix on his nipples fucking eat my cum you little sheep and
he's like I'm sorry and then she goes to a therapist and it's just like a weird
like wicker man we're all being led by a lunatic that's the thing we should be
thinking about when you hear every therapist has a therapist oh shit well
what is this there's some shrink on the moon like making us all crazy that there's
there a lastot therapy it's like god talk about I'd like therapy and then
they're all just disseminating but Rob you seem like an eye contact you kind of
guy you always look me straight in the face or is it hard for you as a no I'm
okay with that but now that you mention it I'm looking away from you right you
know I don't like talking about eye contact yeah it's a weird thing to think
about I don't mind looking at people's eyes that aren't looking at mine but
here we go a little healthy though right what just really wait wait allow
ourselves to do this I love you yeah I love you I respect you I love you and I
respect you I'm in the moment I'm mirroring you yeah I'm for real though
we're not deflecting with comedy I really like you get a hair cut I decided to
come on the show like I that you contacted me I like I have a lot of shame
and though I'm talking about myself I like you I'm I like you and I'm not
joke making a joke either I'm actually responding that the reason that I
contacted you to come on the show is because I love this show and I love you
and I I really look up to you and I respect you yeah
listen do you want to both look at Jeff look both will look at Jeff okay here
we go hey Jeff he doesn't care what an asshole nothing that you're making me
feel like like I'm a psychopath because I'm a big eye contact person I'd love
looking at people's I think society wants you to have eye contact I think
it's like something we've created like we've made that a thing I don't think
like humans naturally want to make eye contact I think it's something that
culture has like you know I travel around doing shows and stuff and I'd like
to go out and wander and walk and I'm very fascinated by strangers I like
like I like meeting people and if you walk up the road and certain like in
New York City people make eye contact people like you can be on a subway and
people look at you and you know various kinds of reactions people flirts but then
you go like like strangely like Seattle nobody makes eye contact there like it's
like I noticed like towns that there's some cultures were just just zero eye
contact Milwaukee and most people like because that felt good I guess but we
looked at each other and we and we were honest with each other we're the moment
and then I think like then like worse people than us was kind of like you
should do that all the time bro eat broccoli and do that and they're like
just like well that's because the if you did it all the time like the most you
could like you you'd feel like this much oh Jesus and if I every time I saw you
you'd be like oh here comes Rob Corddry again he's gonna look at me right in the
eyes and tell me how much he loves me people could handle how much I feel and
I think more importantly I think you and I could but we'd be like I love you I
love you it's great I like I really respect you on all this stuff and I
think people I think then people around us would be like look at these two fucking
jerks yes like what are they doing I said what kind of latte do you want hey
you're you're like like why do you guys get a like fucking then we would make
fun of us we'd be having that this conversation and then inappropriate we'd
be in like a Starbucks but we should have it at a show in front of a hundred
people ostensibly you're supposed to just constantly be looking at everybody
into their goddamn souls I'm like I don't really like we did that tour and
like I met like a thousand people a night like I'm flattering myself there's
like 200 people a night but like the people that stand in line a vast majority
of my audience is like like is like gonna stare at something else at the
height of their effusiveness like like when they're really expressing themselves
I look at that as like they're taking that part of their enterprise down so
that they can divert so they could tell you because it's time to be honest and
who wants to like look into someone's eyes while you have something really
important to say like it's like like like that's so distracting like I don't
mind if you can do it fine but like maybe some people are like like distracted
by eye contact and then they're like they're not able to find their and then
they're not able to be honest yeah I think in general my experience is that
men are really really uncomfortable looking other men in the face and like
if you like meet somebody and like you say hello nice to meet you and you look
them in the eye it's pretty rare to meet somebody that really just looks you
right in the eye goes hey hey like I'm so-and-so and mostly instantly they
look at the ground or I'm gonna start doing it I'm gonna start looking at
everybody yeah it's like a video game like Dale Carnegie like being so full
with your I looked at five people and it's like fucking insane like like what
they I just did it with like five just made I cut yeah I got you got yeah no
he he came right here can't even handle it who in the crowd right now is the
worst at eye contact is anybody here like this terrible you've been you've
been he's been making it I feel like we've had a nice relationship silence
seduction I feel like we've no we've like I like this guy
Harper Harper like Harper like the beer no that's not a lot of eye contact right
enough well now we're talking about we fucked it up right right you don't like
talking about eye contact now it's why do we have to I guess yeah I'm sorry I
tell you about the therapist I had that she was like she she he could tell that
it was like oh she's looking at me as some kind of like sorry I just looked at
I just sent lasers in the Harper go ahead Harper almost fainted by the way
yeah I was like oh fuck oh this is completely off topic but there is this
guy that DM me saying he could get me a free bird scooter and Matthew McGinnis
if you're listening give me a free bird scooter when I your own dedicated bird
scooter yeah yeah sorry everybody well that when you said this is gonna be off
topic I have a question about your free bird scooters let's say Matthew comes
through on that and you have your bird scooter and you you take it down to the
market and you put it outside is someone gonna go and try to get on your
I think so it like locks you out though again I kind of say what you have you
have tried to interface with a special VIP bird scooter yeah I don't know how
that works because they do they're making the ones that you can like buy or rent
to own or something that are like more personal use but that's my questions how
does that how does that work in a world where everyone thinks you can just take
them and run you just got to put numbers or chevrons on them right I try to kill
that's a prolly scooter I try to convince my wife the other night I was
like hey let's go out and try and find some scooters and ride around on these
scooters and she was like absolutely not oh and I was like come on never I like
that if you I want to do the tiered scooter system because then they can
because like they have curfews like all of them shut off at 1130 but they can
have the rich people's one stay out until 2015 and that's the red hour it's
like the rich the rich people with their carnival like getting fucking like
surfing the pavement you look like you're walking home a great way
always like noblemen circling a lone milkmaid like you have to dress up all
super like ice-white shirt yeah everybody's wearing two colored tights
like in the 70s Romeo and Julia it's like I bite my thumb at you I think it's
like I see people on them and like when there's a dude because I wear suits and
I'm tall and I see tall guys in suits like going around town oh yeah that is a
bummer you look like a fucking not a lot of just like shit if you fucking see me
going down the road and a fucking e-scooter just shoot me like you'll be
fun I know I don't know I would be like that's Jeff Davis in a suit yeah just
walk walk it's slow when you're wearing a scooter you want to walk though your
shoes I want to maximize the time that I'm fucking looking good going down the
road I don't gotta be somewhere that much that I gotta look like he's
maximizing the amount of people who could see him per unit time exactly thank
you no no the guy on the scooter because he's making it you're only walking like
half a mile this guy he's gone three miles he's three miles of traffic but
you're only getting so much of it you're only getting a glimpse of me and the
scooter if oh yeah but what a glimpse he's zipping down yeah but he's flashed
he's dressed to the nines I would rather see me walking across the
crosswalk than zipping across the crosswalk sure fuck yeah there's a lot of people who would say I want to let me wash
oh all over your eyeballs but all I'm all I'm taking it was I'm like why can't
that guy doesn't that guy have a credit card like why can't he get a scooter oh
yeah the guy he's got a tie bar I got a pocket score I gotta checkbook if they
make it he's gonna take checks a fucking city bank allow me to make an
introduction between you and Lowe's hardware I'm Daphne and intend to use
this shovel for an interim in the meantime could my income speak for
itself and trust you to take the necessary memo erotic cakes yeah oh and
another called e-cakes God I gotta pee go pee now he's almost done it's like you
know there's how long can this I know I don't want to go pee and then come back
that'll be stupid how it's suck yeah that would that would be stupid I was it
there was no I'll go back to you and you pee but I'm gonna make eye contact with
you I've never heard anything more nightmarish than that I'm really worried
at the Rick and Morty office there's one urinal and I worry that because I'm on
this painkiller medication that makes your pee like dark orange I'll take that
like almost red like pumpkin orange like like like sci-fi like weird and and it
just like I worry about like I just don't it's like like like guys don't get
as many UT highs and like I'm in the men's room and it's like you're at a
urinal and there's like a straight Mrs. Robinson shot between my legs of like if
you see the boss peeing and you just like
does he know that it's not supposed to be that color because I had to learn like
they got to respect you less I don't understand I don't want to worry about
me yeah well I don't respect me less it's like oh shit harmony who examines
the neighbor P yeah you flush I think it might catch your eye against white
porcelain it's like it's the wrong color entirely if it's just like flushless no
it's like you're walking traffic behind me you can see between my legs and you
see like it's like I think the color would catch your eye and you'd be like
god damn I get that dude loves Amstel why that'd be weird like like still like
that's what I just don't want them like talking to the in the in the non-brake
room and being like like dude that guy needs to like hydrate well what if you
close your legs so there's no gap in there you know yeah that'll make it
easier to pee that's what I do do that it's so luxurious to sit while peeing
holy shit at home I'm gonna sit down here like I've been standing all day
motherfucker and that was really brave because I'm tall and it eliminates my
penis is too small for sit-down peeing to be enjoyable so what well Jeff I didn't
hear you come again my penis is too small for sit-down peeing to be like a
vacation from stand-up pain like I it's it's like it's not like I'm like oh I
hate sit-down peeing it's just like when you have a smaller like grower not a
shower and it's like it's like I'll it's like tucked between your legs and it's
like is it like it's kind of like it it's it doesn't it's not unless for some
reason you'd be like semi-toumessen it's not necessarily pointed straight down at
the water it can be like too much pointing 45 degrees right at the crack of
the between the seat and the thing so like there have been times when I've
just been like get a poop and also pee but I'll just do them both at the same
time sometimes your butt of the shorts what the what the fuck and there's like
oh shit I'm peeing in between the crack of the toilet seat it's like going out
of the and I'm like oh it's cuz you're dick small you can't complain about this
on your podcast no one with no no no true man will understand Jeff has the
problem his dick like falls into the water yeah which is a big deal might be a
worse problem it's gross yeah I'm the one with the UTI you should you should
you should have banana peels in that shit I should I should be the safest
that should be my only advantage Darwinian like I do it dick wears a suit I
have a fucking like my dick for right a check that your ass can't take cakes like
erotic cakes thank you come on man all right well there's only you know there
was a there was a there was a D&D recap but yeah well we should hold it until we
actually play cuz then it'll be like relevant you know I cut a recap in in
audio oh boy it'll be so fun when we use it one of these days what do you mean
you have an audio recap that you'll play for us so traditionally Jeff plays a
music and I go like last time on Harmon Time or whatever the fuck and then I
like explain stuff so instead I cut it out of audio so instead of me explaining
it Dan's like what are we doing and Jeff's like I think we should do the
thing and Steve's like I don't know you guys and I'm like goblin jumps out and
so like you know maybe it's more like a TV recap or something that's only given
you relevant bits rather than me just like coming up with it on fly I mean I'm
good at that too how do we how do we physically do that here in the space
we play well we have a sound system that can play music and all sorts of our
audio guy Kris Boruff is here yeah now with video capability he's over
qualified I mean that's a perfect way for him to leave it's true I gotta take
the L on that I gotta take the L as the kids say dad you forgot I also do video
all right you deserve a better baseball metaphor go to the game grumps it's
beautiful that he's going to the game grumps I love those guys they're great
and I love that they're like still successful and like fucking showering
people with money that's great I'm proud of them after what I put them through
played the cat in the hat game with them shouldn't have done that to them those
are good kids the game grumps you ever go over there play video games at the
game grumps I don't know what you're talking about fun we should hook you
guys up Chris make Rob Corddry go on the game grumps oh man you'd be great on
the game yeah Chris it all right do you have like a video game that you're
upset kind of like have a relationship with emotionally like bad or good like
I'm not very I'm afraid of video games I don't really I can't I feel like an
idiot when I play them because I can't do it that's part of the fun on game
grumps I don't understand what it is it's fine
why are they grumps what why are they grumps I'm sure because they're a bit
ornery and it's kind of fun I want to do it what is this game I'm sure it starts
with like you know one guy going like I hate this game like you know and being
good at showing you why you hate game grumps and now it's like cut to I want
to play strutigo now why don't we all get together why don't we all get
together just the four of us and play some strutigo but like loads of eye
contact we can do it in my pool on Wednesday in your pool if you get a
waterproof strutigo then we're fucking talking that would be the worst all
right I'm not going in that pool where Rob Corddry's new book is coming out yes
four four hour treaties neg week it's about dating that's right you only have
to neg women for four hours that's right it's in the self-help slash philosophy
slash section if you wrote a book would it be prose or would it be nonfiction
fiction have you written a book by the way no no I I've always wanted to write
a book you got to do it you I guess I I want I feel like that is the for some
reason that's the measure of success I feel the same way I'm too lazy to get
off my ass I mean I don't know how to do it I don't know where people that have
books published I'm so envious I'm like more successful than that you get a book
deal and you like give the money back but you just said fuck it and gave them
the money back yeah but first I spent it so it was like I as I like part of it
was like oh shit I'm not writing your book am I and they're like yeah come on
we gave you money and I was like and then I like gave money to a person that
was like helping me write my book so I was like I truly like like it was like
not only did I get paid to write a book I paid to write a book that's I paid
they're not write a book that's the top tier that's the like Donald Trump got
paid to write a book then some somebody else paid to write a book I I paid to not
write a book I'm like I'm like Omnihotep I'm like no leave me out of it I'm the
architect right there I'm like what's his name old penguin the guy the video dick
dick Cheney dick Cheney I'm like keep me out of it keep me out of it the mark of
success is staying in between the lines of history
yeah I don't want I did I couldn't I couldn't I wasn't gonna write a good
book it was gonna be shitty book because yeah so I gave the money back how
much it was a lot it was like like 200 grand so you spend it and then paid them
you wrote them a check for two I can't remember what the details it cost me
like a lot of money like I was like oh god damn I ended up like eating the
fucking blood bunch of money and I was like worth it it was giving me so much
anxiety because it's like I don't want to write a bad book I do want to write a
book but I want to write a book about writing I just want to write a book
about like like the craft that sounds obnoxious but I don't want to write a
book about when I was in Milwaukee I smoked a lot of pot I just it's the
time has gone I think you should do some young adult crime stuff I think you
write a book about not writing a book I should write but that sounds like a
great story we can all write these we can all write books now oh yeah and like
we don't really need publishers like like no offense to them but like you
could self-publish on Amazon yeah you could just like write a book but it's
not gonna hit you but does that magic of like I did yeah not at all satisfy that
like that's why I'm a genius cuz I like I took I'm like double day gave me the
money they would they would have published a shitty book like so I did
it yes there's your money back here's some more money for letting me have that
experience no shitty book and now I can self-publish a book anytime I want and
if I sell it for a dollar a copy I can make a million dollars cuz a million
people will be like I gotta see that car I got it now you're setting it up like
you got I gotta see that book I'm gonna put a coupon in each dollar book that
you get ten dollars if you don't tell if you don't give ten people a free copy
of the book you get ten dollars if you don't read it yeah something like that
all right cliffhanger thank you for coming to Harvintown everybody that's
our time Rob Corddry everybody Rob Corddry thank you Rob thank you guys
that was fun and let's give it up one more time for Kris Boruff for all the
work he's done in all media video audio this all senses paper machete don't
let the new guy thank you Zach and Zollan and Church and Brendan and everybody
here at the dynasty typewriter Spencer Crittenden then is your game master I'm
your comptroller Jeff Davis or mayor Dan Harmon thank you all for coming dry
fast and take chances won't you did you get any of that